{
 "cells": [
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 3,
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [
    {
     "name": "stdout",
     "output_type": "stream",
     "text": [
      "hello sample text\n"
     ]
    }
   ],
   "source": [
    "noise=[\"is\",\"a\",\"this\",\"...\"]\n",
    "def remove_noise(input_text):\n",
    "  words=input_text.split()\n",
    "  noise_free_words=[word for word in words if word not in noise]\n",
    "  noise_free_text=\" \".join(noise_free_words)\n",
    "  return noise_free_text\n",
    "print(remove_noise(\"hello this is a sample text\"))"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 6,
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [
    {
     "name": "stdout",
     "output_type": "stream",
     "text": [
      "speaker a hey dan all right so happy monday sarah weekly sync ian you have the first item on the agenda speaker b yep speaker c so i wanted to share with everyone that the survey that ive been working on putting together is going into qualtrics later today what this means for everyone is that hopefully tomorrow i will have the survey ready and i would really appreciate everyone on the team if you could go through the survey yourself and just kind of record what your experience was like this is just a chance for me to test out to make sure the questions make sense that they are lining up with your expectations as an engineer and im hoping to get that wrapped up so that we can actually share it next week so thats just a heads up on reviewing it the other thing i would like to talk about and maybe we could take this to an async conversation is more around how do we get this survey out we need to get a lot of people a little bit over a thousand to get a good confidence rate so thats a lot of people so trying to figure out creative ways to get more people to take the survey would be really helpful if i can get everyones insights on that so just want to give everyone a heads up thats coming thats going to be this week and next week so just kind of think on it and well touch base from there speaker a cool is lori helping loris the researcher for everyone who doesnt know is she helping with getting the survey out that they have an existing panel that they could send the survey to speaker c yep theyre going to send it to the existing panel the panel isnt very large so this is something that well probably have to find some other creative ways to get people to take the survey whether its pinging people that are writing on our issues or start sharing it on twitter theres a couple different options speaker a okay cool all right so the next item i have is reviewing the milestone so i have the link included there to just pull up the issue list if you want to pull it up i have it sorted i know dan hates when i share my screen but i have it sorted to manual if you look in the sort dropdown box the manual sort will pick up the sort that i included in the board list so its in priority order and then we could go through each item there sound good okay so the first item on there is the docker distribution pruner from experimental to ga this could be an investigation task this is dan and i were talking last week about whether or not we should prioritize forking the docker code and optimizing the garbage collection code thats there or taking what camille has already done with this docker distribution distribution pruner code which is working for some customers sarah mentioned shes using this for some people on support calls but its ive seen where theres issues with back it causes issues with backups or some other things where it just doesnt work but we thought this would be the fastest way to improving the garbage collection story for some of our big customers some that we met with last week that are having you know terabytes of storage that theyre using in their registry and they just cant use the current version of garbage collection so in this issue its it links to camilles code a little bit of the history but really we need to like dive in and investigate and find out if thats possible and probably a conversation with camille is worth worthwhile to see what what he thinks as well speaker d so sorry to interject tim yeah ive been looking through the code and the list of issues most of the issues in that project kind of at best a year old so i think ive been trying to go through those issues to see if theres anything we can sort of start addressing relatively quickly but we might end up having to and this is the issues in the what is it the package what if the pruner sorry the container registry pruner doctor distribution pruner or whatever hes called it so ive been trying to go through these issues to figure out if theres anything that we can actually just kind of go hey lets go do this and it seems like a lot of them is back and forward with people who are trying to contribute so i think i still need to go through those issues a bit maybe tim and anyone else is interested we can sort of like go through and do a quick scan and see if theres anything sort of low hanging fruit where we can help move that along speaker a okay great the next item is a net new package manager integration with nuget this is one of our this i think is our stages highest requested feature with something like votes now ive had this a few customers recently request this as well i still need to groom this issue so its a little out of date but thats the next item that we need to work on and i should have that done this week for sure but expect itll look like the conan mvc issue which by the way steve was anything missing from that that you think that i should focus on or was there too much detail in that one that i should exclude from as i build out the nuget one speaker e i dont think theres anything in particular one way or the other certainly like more information is better i think yeah like as sort of having this top level issue that can eventually be broken down by whoevers working on it as needed i think thats a good place to start speaker a okay cool speaker d and tim i think the other big lesson that we should take away from how we were working on conan was that it took a lot of investigation upfront by krause to get to a point where we could kind of move forward and even start breaking things up i think we want to i think you would have done this already but its worth mentioning is to say that we should have some sort of investigation effort included upfront so that people have the opportunity to do that so that would be my main takeaway from how conans gone so far speaker a yeah i think were thinking that anytime we do one of these integrations it would take two milestones one for sort of the investigation and getting the api stubbed out and then the second one for finishing it and testing it and getting it working thats what steve and i talked about at least so yeah should i create an investigation issue or should i more say this is the thing heres as much detail as we could find and then just understand that the process will take the misters that come from the main issue will break that work up speaker d i think my main takeaway to just characterize it a little better or more depending on how you look at it is that that investigation would have helped us come to a conclusion about how to deliver an mvc faster so thats the goal of the investigation not to fully document all of the possibilities because that ends up putting us behind a whole set of investigation that yes delivers knowledge and helps us understand how to make decisions and thats awesome but we should focus that investigation effort on how do we deliver an mvc most minimum viable change thats actually useful in this area from this investigation because then we can make sure were not just sort of researching for a month or whatever does that make sense speaker a it makes sense to me and i think its going to be were going to be in a lot better place with nuget than we are with conan because the documentation is way better and way more thorough it seems than nugethen they actually have some its well talked about its its i think were going to be in a much in a much better place speaker e but and i did create as a side note it created an issue for kind of just discussing like when we are implementing new package systems in general sort of you know things weve learned along the way and maybe some notes about how we can break things up in a general sense when we attack each new one ill throw a link in here as well speaker a that would be helpful thank you are you in the slack chat in the zoom chat speaker e ill just add it to the document speaker a okay cool okay next up we have three four smallish changes not smallish but the first one is adding sorting for packages the packages list at the group and project level nick said this would probably likely break down into a few or a couple of misters but basically if you click through the issue the idea is that on the group list were not doing any sorting for the packages list and we can so i think thats something that nicks already started to tackle actually the next one on there is checking for docker images before renaming a group so if you remember theres some issue where if you have a bad if you have a special character in your project group or branch name it will break the connection to docker which is obviously a problem and we have logic in there so if you go to change your project name youll get a warning and you could see it in the issue what happens now you get like a big red banner it says cannot rename project because it contains registry tags we should just do the same thing for group basically this came from a bug and its just making a logic change on the front end to make sure we dont let users hang themselves that way speaker e this might also be able to get easily grouped with i think theres another issue thats pretty much the same thing but for npm and maven packages because the same thing will happen is if you rename the group or the path to the group itll just break the packages the links to the packages so im assuming i think i looked into it briefly and its like all of that code lives in the same spot so itd be easy to change speaker a all of them at the same time oh cool do you think i should expand this issue to say or just create i speaker e think there is another issue somewhere that i probably created when working on i think the maven side of things so we could just probably add that to this milestone speaker a okay can you send that to me and ill make the update yeah speaker d yeah i think you want to prioritize validating the theory that you can change it in one place and then that will impact everything else before we go adding it because if we cant if thats not gonna happen then when you go to add it and itll be in the milestone and you have to do a whole like another set of work to solve the problem so its probably worth leaving just the one in here sending it to tim like you requested and then if we can get it or we feel like we have enough capacity to do both then we would put it in i dont know what the whats john you might be able to speak to the gitlabbiest way to do this given that youve been here longer than the rest of us speaker a yeah speaker b thanks dan yeah i would say we definitely need to validate the approach why dont we if we let nick have a little bit of time to research that and just dig in quickly that seems like probably a good approach before twelve four speaker e okay speaker a yeah thats totally fine i think if we address it first for the doctor images and well ill include it in the related issues i think itll definitely be worthy of a new mister just based on our team logic so maybe worthy of a separate issue as well just in case speaker d hash ok asio speaker a ok so theres that one and then the next one is very small i was gonna try to do this one myself just to go through the mister process and feel the pain but the help link that we have in settings links to the maven repository for packages it should link to the new combined documentation that we have for the all package registries so just a small help change in the front end and then ill go ahead speaker b sorry tim did you say youre going to grab that issue speaker a i think we should give it to nick just so because if its on me then im going to be responsible for it and if i dont get it done i feel really bad i think nick could do it much faster but i wanted to i just wanted to show some solidarity speaker d but thanks for the gitlabby approach to that one john speaker a i know okay all right so three more i have the authenticate for ci job token for conan and for npm im not sure the priority of those i think we could i know npm people are at customers are asking for its definitely a much higher requested feature but i know once people start using conan well get it i guess i would prioritize the npm one above conan in this case and then finally the collecting data and usage measures for our stage particularly for the container registry and i think ggs working on that speaker d yeah i would definitely agree that npm would go above conan in this case just because its a little bit of a pain point weve also missed it a couple of at least once so i definitely think thats worthwhile switching the order of those two speaker a yeah i just i just flipped it i think thats right i think the conan one could probably wait till twelve five even if we had to i could leave it in there and if we get to it great but if not its okay i think it could wait till the next milestone speaker d it could depending on what demand we get for it could also be a really good onboarding issue for the next uh team member we have joining in october speaker a oh yeah speaker d because if its already well documented what the process is it means that they can reach out for help and and so that might be a good one to sort of to have out there um and i think the threat im getting as well from all of the research or all of the research from the research that ive seen that ians doing and everyones contributing to is that people use ci pipelines the pipelines a lot to interact with this stuff so i think this is going to be good value generally so i like that were sort of prioritizing it it feels like we had a discussion a little while ago on pricing and what we should have in the free tiers or you know ce although thats changing so i feel like some of these things it might be worthwhile i dont know if tim and ian youre sort of thinking in this in this respect but it might be worthwhile sort of having a think about whether some of these things are working well together as a you know as an enterprise edition or not if were adding these to ee and people only really use them for pipelines but then they cant really do it i dont know whether it all works that well you know what i mean speaker a well we will probably i think the discussion for me should be should the package registries be an enterprise feature or a consumer feature in my opinion i think i agree with jasons point in that issue that they should be a consumer feature but that issue is still going through discussion and some higher up strategy to figure that stuff out but in my opinion i would love it for dolby consumer speaker d yeah it feels like to me and i dont want to get too ahead of where were supposed to be anyway but to me it feels like they probably should be even though i might not have felt that way a couple of weeks ago it feels like they should be consumer and it feels like some things like one of the items we have to discuss in here should be enterprise level the security scanning stuff for the actual proxy that we have coming up im good speaker a yeah i think thats right thats still working on the nuget issue and ill make some changes this week based on some of the conversations that we had but any general questions or concerns speaker b i had one quick question about the nuget thenet package manager i quickly scanned the issue and ill do a little more due diligence but is anybody aware that that will need some front end effort or do we think thats mostly back in focus right now speaker a the first milestone like this milestone will probably be the investigation and the apis and then the next milestone itll be front end but itll definitely itll probably be very close to the same front end that we have for npm and maven yeah just different metadata that fits into those columns conan was a little bit different because we had expandable settings piece i dont think nuget will have that it seems like they dont it doesnt carry as much of that metadata but ill know more in the next couple of days as i as i look at it ive just been struggling to get it running on my computer because its i have a mac and not a windows machine and so im just working through some of those kinks they have they have something you could use called soul or something i forget what its called called but i just wanted to make sure ive just been struggling with it speaker d yeah speaker a okay speaker b just wanted to confirm thanks tim speaker a no problem speaker b and when youre on your mac are you using the i havent been innet in a little bit of time now but when i my previous role we were moving everything tonet core so we can run on mac os and linux and things like that does that help in the situation at all speaker a yeah they have something have another download that you have to do use it and then you could use it from visual studio or you could use it from the command line i think we want to just cover the command line use case in this case but yeah we do have to decide between core and standard i think i forget which one we should lean toward whichever one is the more widely accepted now we should use yeah and they have two different core and they have two different files for the metadata they have like package config and then they have another one thats called something strange and then the stranger one is the newer one speaker d its package something strange apparently speaker b yeah thats definitely the name speaker a package strange yeah thats it speaker b all right thanks tim appreciate it speaker a no problem okay yeah so like dan mentioned the next one on there is the dependency firewall which is a net new category that came up from a conversation with sid and kenny where they were talking about us doing something like this and building off of the dependency proxy to build in some additional security features the you know jfrog has their x ray product and sonotype has a firewall product everybodys incorporating this stuff you know npm enterprise is trying to build their whole value chain off of security scanning so it seems like something that we should do i created a new category and some content for the strategy and direction page along with some skeleton issues that we could review but i just wanted to make sure everybody was aware of it and had the chance to in the issue provide any feedback or thoughts before it got merged or if you had any questions id be happy to answer what i can even though knowing its not were not going to get to this until speaker d what did we decide on dependency firewall already as the name speaker a thats what sid should suggested originally they had artifact analysis but he left a comment in there saying that didnt quite make sense because theyre not artifacts theyre dependencies speaker d and someone mentioned that there was a duplication of the use of the word artifact you know speaker a yeah and its nothing its not quite right i guess naming wise so we ended up at dependency firewall we could always change it if we had a good justification i like it because it helps brand that section like if were talking about making dependency proxy and dependency firewall the enterprise features and features that you pay for i think it helps brand them and it says exactly what its doing which i think is also the gitlab way so i thought sid did a good job with naming it but yeah if you have other ideas im sure we could talk about it speaker d yeah i dont think i have other ideas right now that arent just dumb jokes so im going to leave them out but what i am looking at here is i think theres a couple of things one we ought to be really careful that were trying to leverage the security teams work as much as possible here i dont want to be recreating the wheel ideally in my head we as a package gets loaded into the proxy its scanned by those same sets of tools if possible because trying to maintain some understanding of how this stuff fits together is going to be a lot of a big lift for a small team like us and none of that makes sense right sorry that was a very dismissive way to put it if it doesnt make sense then im happy to hear arguments otherwise sorry and i think the thing i was going to say is i think we ought to be discussing the comments that have been raised around the dependency proxy that i can just add a flag to the docker distribution registry to run it in proxy mode and what the dependency proxy does thats different from that because ive seen that come up from end users from our customers and so i like i couldnt answer that question how is it different from just running vdr in proxy mode i dont know speaker a yeah we think we need to investigate that probably speaker d yeah so do you want me to add an issue to investigate or do you want to add that issue or it doesnt have to be in here but we should i think we ought to be discussing this before it sort of testing a bunch of effort in dependency proxy just to make sure were clear on what we should be providing and our intention is to provide further support for proxying in the dependency proxy for other stuff other than docker distribution registry or aka the container registry so this isnt just the oh well okay we dont need it its more like okay well how does how do we differentiate it how is it valuable what does it actually do for us does that make sense speaker a thatd be great if you could open that issue that would be very helpful speaker d i will find a place to add that issue cool all right sweet speaker a all right what else we have on the agenda oh thank you for my haircut i really appreciate it i got it done yesterday ill call that ill call myself out thank you feeling sharp speaker d nice man thats awesome and then the last call out here just to stand up a little bit steve speaker a i like that shirt its cute speaker d nice speaker b very cool speaker d thats all i got speaker a all right well have a great week and ill talk to everyone throughout the week let me know if you need anything and like i said ill make sure i follow up on these comments here okay stop recording\n"
     ]
    },
    {
     "name": "stderr",
     "output_type": "stream",
     "text": [
      "[nltk_data] Downloading package stopwords to C:\\Users\\Tania\n",
      "[nltk_data]     Solanki\\AppData\\Roaming\\nltk_data...\n",
      "[nltk_data]   Package stopwords is already up-to-date!\n"
     ]
    }
   ],
   "source": [
    "import re\n",
    "import string\n",
    "import nltk\n",
    "from nltk.corpus import stopwords\n",
    "\n",
    "# Download necessary NLTK resources if you haven't already\n",
    "nltk.download('stopwords')\n",
    "\n",
    "with open('transdhruv.txt', 'r', encoding='utf-8') as file:\n",
    "    text_data = file.read()\n",
    "\n",
    "def remove_noise(text):\n",
    "    # Convert text to lowercase\n",
    "    text = text.lower()\n",
    "\n",
    "    # Remove punctuation using string.punctuation\n",
    "    text = text.translate(str.maketrans('', '', string.punctuation))\n",
    "\n",
    "    # Remove numbers\n",
    "    text = re.sub(r'\\d+', '', text)\n",
    "\n",
    "    # Remove extra whitespaces\n",
    "    text = \" \".join(text.split())\n",
    "\n",
    "    # Remove non-alphabetic characters (if needed)\n",
    "    text = re.sub(r'[^a-zA-Z\\s]', '', text)\n",
    "\n",
    "    return text\n",
    "\n",
    "# Example usage\n",
    "clean_text = remove_noise(text_data)\n",
    "print(clean_text)\n"
   ]
  }
 ],
 "metadata": {
  "kernelspec": {
   "display_name": "Python 3",
   "language": "python",
   "name": "python3"
  },
  "language_info": {
   "codemirror_mode": {
    "name": "ipython",
    "version": 3
   },
   "file_extension": ".py",
   "mimetype": "text/x-python",
   "name": "python",
   "nbconvert_exporter": "python",
   "pygments_lexer": "ipython3",
   "version": "3.12.3"
  }
 },
 "nbformat": 4,
 "nbformat_minor": 2
}
